Add notes about Field doc string rendering (#89)
lsst/pex_config: doc/lsst.pex.config/inspecting-configs.rst

Docstrings
----------

Each `Field` instance is required to have a ``doc`` attribute that describes the contents of the field.
These ``doc`` strings should be complete sentences and should give users of the `Config` object a good understanding of what the field is and how it will be interpreted and used.

> Multi-sentence ``doc`` strings should have an explicit newline character (``\n``) after each sentence;

Reviewer: It's not clear to me why multiple short sentences can't be combined onto one line, even in persisted comments.  Maybe change "after each sentence" to "at appropriate intervals"?

Author: My thought was that it's hard to identify what "appropriate intervals" for the `config.save` output are in this doc string, so I just went with "every sentence on its own line". Nobody is testing how `config.save` looks when they're writing configs (and I don't expect anybody to start), so I feel like simpler is better, here. It's a "should", not a "must".

I suppose I could make it something like this, but that seems excessive:

```
Multi-sentence ``doc`` strings should have an explicit newline character (``\n``) after each sentence, or at some other appropriate interval if you check both the ``config.save()`` output and the rendered HTML docs;
```

Reviewer: I thought the HTML docs don't matter because all the newlines are removed.

Perhaps we should just auto-wrap in `config.save` and eliminate the whole issue.

Reviewer: But, to be clear, I can live with `\n` after every sentence.

single newlines here do not affect the rendered HTML docs, but they improve the readability of the persisted `Config` object (as produced by `Config.save`).

> `Field` ``doc`` strings are treated as Restructured Text when rendered, but we do not recommend using anything more than very simple formatting in them, to balance the formatting of the rendered HTML and the persisted `Config`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Field` ``doc`` strings are treated as reStructuredText when rendered, but we do not recommend using anything more than very simple formatting in them, to balance the formatting of the rendered HTML and the persisted `Config`.
```
